;Squidger;A fearful octopus-like creature that possesses light emitting skin, that charges up as the clumsy creature bumps into walls. When the pressure of the water on the skin of the Squidger is large enough, the stored energy is released as a warm, orange glow.;200;squidger;
;Orange Dreamfin;A common fish, originally from this planet, now common throughout the system. Farmed on distant Homeworlds for its soft and strong fin, used for a variety of purposes.;10;dreamfin;
;Cheeseburger;Fish but there is a cheese on his head. You couldn’t eat a fish this cute, don’t even think about it.;100;cheeseburger;
;Roundfish;The Roundfish is aptly named, a vertical cross section produces a perfect circle. You wouldn't know though, because the only reason this mathematical miracle of a fish is chopped open is to be promptly cooked and eaten. They'll get their recognition someday.;100;roundfish;
;Squidglet; The offspring of the Squidger. They haven’t quite gotten the hang of emitting light yet, so they stay near their parent Squidgers.;100;squidglet;
;Gloober;Gloobers come in all different colors, so that when they swim in schools, they confuse predators.;5;gloober;
;Fish Rosé;Pink fish, prized for its pink scales. Often used for wedding dresses on distant Homeworlds.;40;rose;
;Deltta Fish;Devoted fathers to their children, and often kept as pets by collectors. They have a refined palate and love vegetables. They eat kelp from the sea floor.;70;deltta;
;Aki-Aki;Known for its flavor, goes great in tacos. Found in warmer waters closer to the surface. The children call it the racecar fish due to its yellow tail.;30;aki-aki;
;Peter;This dolphin asked to be called Peter, so we are going to ablige. This wonderful creature has a unique behavior, it can jump out of the water. Air-Peter. Everyone tell Peter how proud of them you are. Not sure Peter enjoys being in a book as much as they enjoy swimming and jumping through the waves...;0;dolphin;
;Cloudler;Legend says, as the fish of the estuaries of the Great Sea were swimming upstream to mate, one of the fish jumped too high into the sky and the water droplets condensed onto its scaly skin and transformed it into a cloud.;420;cloudler;
;Loafus;Known for its many uses in clothing, especially footwear, Loafus is currently endangered and terrified of all living things. However, it is very lazy, and swims slowly, causing it to be easy to catch.;120;loafus;
;Hat Squid;Its tentacles are quite bad at swimming, and it uses them to grab microscopic organisms to eat. It uses its large head to float around stably in the water. No one really knows what would happen if you wore it as a hat but we can't forsee it ending well for the wearer.;500;hat;
;Moonfish;Often seen with a chunk missing from their side, which makes them look like a crescent moon. Luckily, their missing parts grow back quickly.;500;moonfish;
;Gwomp;Jellyfish. Possibly Immortal, definitely harmless. It is said it releases delicious jelly if you squeeze its nematocysts. Maybe you could start a small business and create a tourism industry selling Gwomp Jelly. "Gwelly.";100;gwomp;
;Gloober 2;Gloobers come in all different colors, so that when they swim in schools, they confuse predators. Living deeper in the sea, these Gloobers are formed as two original Gloobers melded together under the pressure.;40;gloober2;
;Sludgler;The slime of a sludgler is very precious for lubricating machine parts. Its signature pink color means the fastest, most efficient machines are all pretty and pink. A special license is required to prepare sludger for consumption.;200;sludgler;
;Gloober 3;Gloobers come in all different colors, so that when they swim in schools, they confuse predators. You guessed it, it is 2 Gloober 2's. The Gloober 3 prefers even deeper waters, and no longer needs its different colors to ward of prey. The colors remain, however, formed out of mixing the colors of 4 Gloobers.;70;gloober3;
;Whaledon;I have no nose, but I must sneeze.;5000;whaledon;
;Junker Eel;Intended to show off to possible mates by swimming through the tire but got stuck. It did, however, attract a lot of mates. All offspring are also born with the desire to swim through the tires, leading to their distinct appearance.;800;junkeel;
;Dyson's Vacuum Fish;A bottom-feeding fish with immense suction capabilities. Rumor has it that on a foreign planet, Vacuum cleaners are named after the scientist that discovered this fish, Dr Dyson.;900;vacuum;
;Oomber;The Oomber uses its two large air-sacs to intimidate predators, but to us it just looks really funny. Oombers in captivity can be seen bumping into walls as their vision is impaired by their air-sacs. Luckily it doesn't hurt too bad, they have built in air bags.;800;oomber;
;Junk Grobbler;Convergent evolution with the Junker Eel, has caused the Junk Grobbler to also get stuck in a tire in search of mates. Some have theorized that bigger tires lead to more mates, while others argue that tire size doesn’t matter.;700;junkgrobbler;
;Flounder;Makes a great dinner plate, plus you can eat it afterwards! Only tastes a little bit like cardboard covered in sandpaper and sawdust.;500;flounder;
;Radiated Junk;This guy definitely did not swim through a tire. Its... unorthodox choice of adornment lengthened its  body and gave it great new eyebrows. They are super speedy, presumably trying to spread their new fashion trend and be trendsetters.;1000;radiatedjunkgrobbler;
;Lumper;Lumper is little more than a hydrothermal vent with eyes and a mouth. It can't move, it occasionally expels smoke from its head, and it loves to eat rocks. No body knows if there is a single thought in their brain.;1000;lumper;
;Narwhal;Evidence suggests the narwhal came from deep space on a meteor. The material the narwhal's horn is made of is not found anywhere else in the sea or the entire planet. Unfortunately this makes the narwhal a common target for illegal poaching.;2000;narwhal;
;Gwomp Grande;Imagine the amount of Gwelly you could make from this thing. Gwelly Grande, now with 30% less plastic. I'll take a 4% royalty, thank you very much.;5000;largegwomp;
;Glowhale;The Glowhale is the largest animal in the entire planet. Nothing else even comes close, honestly. The Glowhale is the heart of the sea, its magical glow providing life to the deepest fish of the sea, far below where the sun could ever reach.;20000;glowhale;
;Regduiqs;Inverting the name of the Squidger similarly inverts its temperament. The Regduiqs is an unkind, bitter, evil creature who feels immeasurable pleasure from the pain of others. If the Squidger is the thesis, this is the antithesis.;002;regdiuqs;
;Gamma Glorg;Don't look into his eyes or you cannot look away. No one knows what happened to the original Glorg, but fossil records indicate a more primitive form of the Gamma Glorg did at one point exist.;500;gammaglorg;
;Great Red Eel;He left his tail in Dire Dire Docks after it got stuck in a cave he swam through to get to the Great Sea. Great Red Eels, in ancient times, were seen as guides to a great treasure. Behind their tail was a treasure unlike anything ever seen! Further knowledge of this treasure has been lost to time.;5000;redeel;
;Large Angler;Came from a foreign planet after it was consumed by brambles and vines. The large angler rarely lays eggs, but they are impossible to miss. Bright orange and glowing, they look like a plague infecting the oceans.;9354;angler;
;Tortuuwa; Cunning god of death, but too slow to do anything about it. Its shell is indestructible, but its underside is weak, reflecting the rough yet tender embrace of death.;2500;tortuuwa;
;Rapier Fish;You do not want to be looking down the sinuous blade of this sinister, yet serene fish. The rapier fish is often seen with schools of fish skewered onto its beak both to intimidate other fish and to have as a snack. Fiercely territorial, if you see two of these large fish, odds are they will be fighting, in what looks like a dance of ice, blades slicing through the water like butter.;2000;rapierfish;
;Midnight Squid;If you look into the eyes of the midnight squid, you are instantly overwhelmed with terror, as it stares straight into your soul, and the darkness of the depths seeps in.;5000;nightsquid;
;Mouth Fish;The blind one who consumes all in the darkness of the Abyssal Zone. It is said that only the might whales have been able to survive the bite of the ancient one;10000;mouth;
;The Thing;This is deeply, deeply discomforting. This amalgam of unnaturally blue flesh, lips, and eyes seems to bend and distort reality itself, as gravity bends spacetime. Getting close to this monstrosity at any point is far from adviseable.;30000;thething;